# Deception

Embark on a journey with Kalgor, whose world is shattered with his father's murder in front of his eyes. Forged in the crucible of battle, betrayal and deception, his fate sparks with glory and tragedy.

(Intermediate level, 9/17 scenarios finished.)

## Feedback:
   
Discord: @Durmoth#0695 | @durmoth

Github: https://github.com/schilffarth/deception/

## Storywriting:

Completely done by myself. For those interested in the story only, feel free to check out the story Word documents in the add-on's `story/` directory.

## Scenario Development:

Completely done by myself. I rarely used WML-code of the add-ons 'A Whim of Fate' and 'Legend of the Invincibles'.

## Artwork - Story Backgrounds & Character Portraits:

- Story backgrounds were generated by Midjourney and enhanced with Photoshop Firefly. 
- Character portraits were also generated by Midjourney and enhanced with Photoshop Firefly.

Disclaimer: The artwork created by Midjourney was generated with textual prompting alone. No images of any source were provided by myself.

## Artwork - Unit Sprites:

All unit sprites can be found under `./images/units/<race>/<unit>/*`

The term "frankensteining" describes the process of combining selections of source unit sprites into a new unit sprite, the so-called "Frankenstein".

- `/images/units/corpses` Copied from mainline
- `/images/units/elves` All 4 of `paragon`, `phantom`, `predator` and `stormfeather` were ornamented & frankensteined from mainline
- `/images/units/goblins` Copied from A Sanguin Tale
- `/images/units/humans` Copied from mainline
- `/images/units/nagas` Copied from mainline
- `/images/units/orcs` The shamans are copied from mainline, the emperor is copied from The Dark Rising, all other units are ornamented & frankensteined from mainline
- `/images/units/saurians` Copied from Era of Magic
- `/images/units/trolls` Copied from Legends of the Invincibles
- `/images/units/undead` Dreadsniper is copied from Legends of the Invincibles, the Baron and riders are copied from mainline, all remaining unit sprites are ornamented & frankensteined from mainline

## Contributions:

- IceSandslash | @IceSandslash#5238 | Slayer95: thank you for playtesting a rather early version of Part 1!

- Lord-Knightmare | @knyghtmare#8753 | knyghtmare: thank you for WML code review on github and playtesting!

Please add yourself to this file as contributor if you open a Pull Request.
